c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\contoso.dll.config
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\contoso.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\contoso.pdb
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.pdb
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\PagedList.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\PagedList.xml
c:\users\ali.syariati\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ali.syariati\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\ali.syariati\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ali.syariati\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.Migrations.MaxLengthOnNames.resources
C:\Users\ali.syariati\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.Migrations.ColumnFirstName.resources
C:\Users\ali.syariati\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.Migrations.AddRequired.resources
C:\Users\ali.syariati\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\contoso\contoso\obj\Debug\contoso.Migrations.complexdatamodel.resources
